so we came up with an idea we both
written five different questions about
our own country we need to quiz the
other if you get the question wrong
there is a forfeit Kayden has had a
nasty stomach flu the pasta dough sir
we're going to be nice and they cut the
apple sauce not so much a punishment but
Todd that I can eat I felt me and all
supposed to be easier voluntarily making
it disgusting they disgusting and
kaylynn's meaner so I have to eat a
spoonful of ketchup it's the u.s. first
UK challenge ok America always comes
first question number one from the UK
I'm allowing you to go first even later
us in the UK what is spotted dick you
get a bonus point if you can tell me
what one of the main ingredients is
butter dick is a custard like little
dessert cake with cream on top and it's
tough isn't it
which makes it spotted you can't put
cream on top so I'll give you that it
doesn't come with cream on top what is
the ingredient that makes it different
raisins
there you go okay so you get two boys
named the last three presidents of the
United States
Barrack Obama yep George Bush hmm George
Bush Senior eight hitter Clinton Hillary
Clinton next even President Bill Clinton
yeah he carries his wife yes even you
had to think about that so do I get yeah
one plate
even though I got one wrong you got them
eventually to me I like you enough to
give another point true okay next
question what is a nickname for someone
who is from Liverpool Liverpool Ian no
it's like a specific name for the people
who come from Liverpool me to give
up yeah ASCAP sir never I've heard that
word
like energy today uh ever egde blank
percent of all Americans are considered
to be overweight you accent is so strong
when you said blank I think we said
blink as in blink percent when I'm
guessing it's gonna be pretty high
because you love a good burger
55% it was a 66% I'm here it's as high
as that I was being nice don't look at
my question I'm asking your question I
was not waiting to tucked it's cheating
I got her french fries to dip in it sent
that fan ha ha it isn't it something on
it pronounce these words I'll put the
word up on screen
Worcester Shia
why she's here ah Wooster I said
watch it back I said it right
washes shears ah more Shishir that's not
how you say it said again Porsche shear
no Worcestershire or stuff she said you
do just fine today clock sheshe right
yeah Gloucestershire half a point for
that half two and a half to one number
three which state is known for its
coffee production okay it's at one of
one or two I believe it's the only state
that actually produces coffee in the
United States I reckon I've got this is
it Washington I thought Washington like
Seattle Seattle is in motion - isn't it
and that's like Starbucks is it
something weird like Mississippi boy
Hawaii I was dying or umrah trackable
but Texas is a mean tropical
you should tell that they should be
coffee that tickles
don't stuff your spoon hold on
is it my turn no it's your taste like
vinegar two and a half to one is this in
date how many sets of bagpipes did Henry
the eighth phone do you even know this
without looking it up yep
I did him I didn't do him I did a
project on him in your 688 owned eight
bagpiper m5 why does somebody need that
many bad boys babies like Warren Beach
no number four this can be a bonus
question
okay bonus point giving name yeah name
two states if you can name three will be
an extra bonus point that border the
Gulf of Mexico there's a total of five
you guys are so greedy Texas yep yes
Alabama mm-hmm it's - what I want to say
California but I'm not going to say that
one because your forehead wrinkles
indicator I'm wrong
Mississippi yep so free yeah I get bonus
point before one of the haps now we're
tied to in a favor my god Dorothy is
like my strong point just disregard the
fact that I thought Chicago was a state
you don't owe if you were to flog
something what would you be doing vlog
vlog that vlog no blog SLO G my facebook
really with it f vlogging means to hit
something it can mean that but it can
also mean this but I got it right in
there in terms of English culture it can
also mean this calling your taxi as a
flag it means to sell something cool but
I got the hit thing right favorite no
you don't know because no I feel bad
boot okay don't worry I don't whatever
number five my last person who won the
Revolutionary War
I'm guessing America because if you guys
haven't won you would not bang what
about it so much is that right yep yes
for a bonus point do your best
impression of how Winston Churchill
would look if he were taking Instagram
selfie the stage is yours
I've been bad guys ten points
he's one time but you can't look okay
well okay bonus question the United
States puts a higher percentage of his
population in prison than any other
nation on earth name two other things
that the US is best at I have four
listed two other things your best up
yeah can I be like abstract sure you're
really good at food okay now my name
wait a second just because you put those
people in prison doesn't necessarily
make you the best is it knows what does
amuse me you've got really bad people in
your country yeah I don't know you get
up can have a clue one of these has to
deal with Detroit Motor Car production
okay / what capita yep most automobiles
per capita in the world that's fun I
need to stick it to I have four listen
you need one more we watched a show on
this today today we have the most teen
pregnancy rate um the highest divorce
rate your best about that I in the most
diagnosed mental disorders I found me I
so how does that make you the best
estimates we are the best and I don't
using contraception the best did not
loving each other property are so
anybody know who won or not but we'll
just celebrate like the both one you're
good at couple words of Garvey